all right on to number three
the strombo make an impact with
interviews
now by strombo of course i'm referring
to the great canadian interviewer george
strombolopolis got a start on much music
as a vj
and then went to cbc the hour and then
the strombo show
and george trombolopoulos has showed us
that you can make an
impact with interviews and this is
something that i should have
realized a long time ago because i used
to earn a paycheck
based on the fact that i interviewed
other
people i got the chance to interview
some really interesting people when i
worked as a journalist
for capital news newspaper in kelowna
such as
ed robertson from the bare naked ladies
and the hanson brothers from the movie
slap shot
by the way in that photo uh i just asked
the two if i could take a photo with
them they were the ones who just grabbed
my collar and put up their fists i guess
they're used to doing that pose in every
photo
but despite the fact that my paycheck
was predicated on me
asking questions i didn't fully
understand the value of an
interview until i moved over to re max
and i had the chance to meet one
agent michael thorne and those of you
who know michael know he's an incredibly
innovative individual with a lot of
really great ideas but one of his
concepts early on in 2013
was that he launched a series in north
langley called my 30 favorite places in
30 days
the concept was this michael featured
various businesses
various community locations and services
and he interviewed those people and one
day at a time he released these
videos what michael helped me understand
is that interviews allow you to leverage
somebody else's knowledge
and experience but especially their
audience so let me explain one of the
biggest challenges that we have on
social media
is reaching other people so we could be
producing great
killer content but at the end of the day
it's very difficult to get that content
in front of a lot of different people
take your facebook business page for
example
you may have 200 people who like or
follow your business page
so your content is reduced to that
audience actually only a fraction of
that audience
unless one of two things happen first
somebody shares that content
outside to their own timeline or to
another group that they're involved with
or number two if you put paid dollars or
advertisements
behind that content to reach a greater
audience
well interviewing somebody else allows
you to hack into this
and to reach a greater audience
organically let me explain
so i want you to think of 10 businesses
in your area think of the best coffee
shop in town
the best place to get a burger the best
place to get a pint doesn't have to be
food related the best place to get your
car serviced
or to get your hair cut so you make a
list of these 10 or 15 or 20
places and then you plan out to
interview
these business owners and tell their
story and you can batch these interviews
over three or four days now an important
piece here is to make sure that the
video quality is good
so if you don't have that skill set for
this process you may want to hire
somebody who can help you
produce great video and then you
meet with the business owner so let's
say i'm interviewing joe
of joe's coffee shop so i'm standing
there beside joe
and i say hey everyone it's wade
patterson of re max of western canada
welcome to day two
of my 10 favorite places in 10 days
today i'm with joe
of joe's coffee shop joe tell us a
little bit about your coffee shop and
how you got
started here in kelowna joe tells a
story i ask a few more questions
boom the piece of content is done so
after this
interview i say thanks so much joe for
doing the interview
now you're going to be my second day in
this interview series
i'm going to post this to social media
and i'll tag your business when i do
that
if it's okay with you do you mind
sharing that out to your audience
what's joe going to say joe's going to
be thrilled especially if the video
content is good
here is somebody else raving about how
great
joe's business is and how it's the best
coffee shop in town that is going to be
fantastic content for him to share
but here's where the value comes in for
you
you may only have 200 people who like
your facebook business page but joe
if it's the best coffee shop in town
what would you have
2 000 3 000 and then you multiply that
by
all of the different businesses so this
is a great
opportunity to reach a greater number of
people
on social media so here is the strombo
challenge create a minimum 10
day interview series now this is the
toughest one
so far right the last two were a little
bit easier this one is one of the most
difficult but sometimes the most
difficult challenges
are the ones that have the best roi for
us